Update README.md (#79)
SAP/cloud-s4-sdk-examples: README.md

> # [Depricated] SAP Cloud SDK Starter Project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# [Deprecated] SAP Cloud SDK Starter Project
```

This is the starter project for the SAP Cloud SDK, featuring express.js.

> Please use the CLI of the SDK to generate a fresh NestJS project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please use the CLI of the SAP Cloud SDK to generate a new project.
```
